README.md, before:

# Getting Started

This project is meant to display and show files to be downloaded

## Getting Stated

```
Via bundle

*   Get the bundle 
*   Go to the path in which bundle is downloaded
*   On ypur terminal, git clone -b main [path]/jenniferbassey.bundle jennifer-bassey-downloads
*   cd jennifer-bassey-downloads
```

### `Running the app`

npm install\
npm run start

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `Todo`:

```
- Add more test for the components
- Add constanst to remove all hard coded values where necessary.
```

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!


### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Commit message:

chore: Added Optimization and more visually pleasing table

README.md, after:

# Getting Started

This project displays a list of items with checkboxes and a download button, allowing the user to select items and download them. Additionally, it includes an alert component that may be shown conditionally.

## Getting Stated

```
Via bundle

*   Get the bundle 
*   Go to the path in which bundle is downloaded
*   On ypur terminal, git clone -b main [path]/jenniferbassey.bundle jennifer-bassey-downloads
*   cd jennifer-bassey-downloads
```

### `Running the app`

npm install\
npm run start

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `Todo`:

```
- Add more test for the components
- Add constanst to remove all hard coded values where necessary.
- Add more accessabilty
```

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!
